A Father’s Last Surprise to His Daughter: A Heartwarming Story of Love and Loss
Pumunta ka sa Camp Crame Hospital – Dr. Ethel Pineda to fellow doctor who made a joke about consulting the police if symptoms persist
Jay Sonza shatters ignorance of critics who are making an issue of Usec. Cascolan’s appointment because he is not a doctor with little known facts
“Ridiculous!” – Influencer Carlo de Leon  on claim most respected and credible institutions recognized Leni’s principled and effective leadership
Did you laugh when you first read/hear the news  of former PNP Chief Cascolan’s appointment to DOH as Usec ? If yes, this is for you!
“Hindi po lahat ng naa-appoint na undersecretary sa DOH ay doctor” – Dr. Ethel Pineda
This Bicolano engineer responds to Dilawans who keep bugging him for explanation why he is a Marcos loyalist, not a Robredo supporter
It is just right San Juanico bridge, built by PMarcos Sr., gets a much-deserved facelift under the administration of PMarcos Jr – Atty. Darwin Canete
Netizen responds to Kakampink meme saying 31M are scared of Leni: Leni is a bad product. The more you promote a bad product, the faster it dies
This self-confessed anti-Marcos turned BBM supporter and defender responds to anti-Marcos forces who questions her change of heart
This veteran movie director says to ban Kdramas because they are better than us is utterly stup*d, only idi0ts will make such a suggestion
Radio host on Senator Jinggoy Estrada’s proposal to ban K-Dramas in PH: Hindi naman K-Dramas ang problema eh…Ang problema eh ung local Telenovelas
Self-confessed K-Drama fan Cavite Governor Jonvic Remulla rejects Senator Jinggoy Estrada’s proposal to ban Korean content in Philippines
Senator Jinggoy Estrada wants to ban K-dramas in Philippine TV stations? Influencer says ban proposal is petty, will do more harm than good
Radio host to Kakampinks who are BTS fans: Musta naman ROTC plans nyo?
Retired broadcaster Jay Sonza says journalism profession isn’t for wimps, pretentious and arrogant fo0ls
Halika at magkape tayo – This is Ka Tunying’s nice gesture to a critic who spearheaded boycott call of Ka Tunying’s restaurants
Jay Sonza chides journalists making huge issue of unannounced home visits by cops in civilian clothes
Hidilyn Diaz’s appeal for funds isn’t getting positive response from Duterte supporters, instead, one netizen accuses her being fond of online limos?
Netizen offers golden nuggets of wisdom to Tokyo gold medalist Hidilyn Diaz who whines about financial woes while prepping for next Olympics
Jay Sonza shocked by this photo of Leni Robredo @Harvard: I did not imagine Leni Robredo is giving an intimate tutorial cum lecture to only a dozen people
Manila Bulletin writer hits the nail on the head why PBBM won’t let go SOJ Boying Remulla amid calls for his resignation
Senator Robin Padilla pens support for embattled SOJ Boying Remulla: “Ang pagkakamali ng Anak ay hindi pagkakamali ng Ama”
Manila Bulletin writer steps in amid uproar over Joyce Pring’s statement: “No need for a backlash. She didn’t knock on your door and force you to convert”
#BoyingRemullaResign trends on Twitter, pro-Marcos admin influencers shot back, calls Kakampinks hypocrites by not doing the same to Delima
Influencer explains why she is defending Sandro Marcos: This is just to expose the ignorance, hypocrisy, and ‘unselflessness’ of some people. ￼
Look! Much ballyhooed Leni Robredo’s Harvard stint a draws laughs, not praises among her critics
Kamote – Radio host on SP Migz Zubiri who said the Philippines has been included in China’s Tourism black list but turned out to be false alarm
Radio host defends Sandro Marcos, says billionaires like Manny Villar said the same thing regarding peso not weak but strong US dollar
Only basketball fans can appreciate this netizen’s analogy to Rep. Sandro Marcos explanation why the PH peso is weak versus US dollar
This Dilawan-affiliated lawyer advises PBBM to set Leila Delima free because it is good for PBBM’s reputation? Pro-Duterte lawyer reacts!
Is Jay Sonza, pro-BBM in 2022 election campaign, turning his back on PBBM and his administration?
Finally, Atty. Larry Gadon speaks up to defend First Lady Liza Araneta Marcos from “ahas” insinuation of a disgruntled pro-Marcos vlogger
Cebu-based political blogger tells PBBM to change strategy in the wake of Leila Delima incident or else, he will spend next 6 years firefighting
Open letter sends strong message to PBBM re speaking to De Lima: “Please don’t help your critics perpetuate the idea that you only deal with VIPs”
Netizens hijack PBBM’s thread on Twitter, one group urges the president to set de Lima free, on Facebook this influencer wants her in isolation cell
International media, Raoul Manuel will leave earth in shame for insinuating PBBM behind Percy Lapid slaying after watching this video
Radio host Mark Lopez’s reaction to Kiko Pangilinan’s Thailand market tour photos: “Huwag kami Kiko. Tablan ka naman ng hiya”
UP alumna and news anchor’s reaction to Renato Reyes’ tweet about getting de@th thre@t: Ang sa akin lang, parang halatang-halata yung modus ano?
Did Kabataan Rep. Raoul Manuel accuse PBBM of masterminding Percy Lapid’s @mbush k!ll*ng in viral video? Alleged JP Enrile statement circulates online
Jay Sonza shuts door on malicious insinuations circulating online PRRD or PBBM behind Percy Lapid hit job
Renato Reyes claims receiving death threat because of statements he made re Marcos Jr. Singapore trip
Did JP Enrile discourages Pinoy from taking on offers as Harvard Speakers in latest FB post? States some people overestimates their limitations
“Katips” director attempt to galvanize public anger against PBBM in the wake of Percy Lapid’s m*rd*r fizzles out due to his poor Math skills?
This anti-Marcos influencer expresses support for PBBM as Kakampinks have a field day amid surprised resignations of PBBM admin officials
This female broadcaster’s mindset in viewing PBBM’s actions like flying to Singapore to hobnob with business tycoons is a breath of fresh air
Manila Bulletin writer ponders if Liberal Party did not even make Leni Robredo party President, why would Filipinos make her president
Amid intense criticism over F1 Grand Prix brouhaha, self-confessed anti-Marcos influencer runs to PBBM’s defense
Influencer reveals Toni Gonzaga’s “not so secret formula” to remain unscratched amid repeated calls to cancel the popular celeb endorser
Twas good while it lasted but Andrew E and Lazada rumor turns out be FAKE NEWS!
Creative marketing coordinator makes brilliant explanation why ShopeePH chose Toni G over Kakampink-aligned celebrities as brand ambassador
YOU—- being consumed by your hatred because of politics speaks volumes of the influence your political bet has shown you – Tio Moreno on #ShopeePH
Dismissed Shopee employee’s earnest appeal on Facebook: “Don’t use our heartbreaks for your political advantage”
Open letter from a UPian to the misguided UPians
This pro-Duterte influencer is closely watching if Dilawans’ #BoycottShopeePH gets same result when DDS boycotted Shopee because of Kris A.
Open letter to current NTF-ELCAC: Iparamdam nyo naman sa amin na mga taxpayer yung pangil ninyo. If hindi nyo kaya sabihin nyo agad sa Presidente
Epic writer’s reaction to Mon Tulfo rumor Malacanang will announce new Press Secretary: “Claudine bitbitin mo nga ito sa airport”
Int’l relations expert slams Ogie Diaz who said he joined 31M Filipinos in prayer for a clear weather & a government we can depend on in times of disaster?
Renato Reyes on PBBM doing aerial inspection in aftermath of super typhoon Karding: ‘Walang value’ at ‘pang photo ops lang’
On critics criticizing PBBM for posting video of US trip while Karding pummels Luzon, pro-Marcos influencer tells PBBM to ignore critics, focus on the job
Vlogger responds to Rappler reporter who says Marcos admin’s preference of vloggers and influencers over journalists is proven wrong by Super Typhoon “Karding”
Pinoy influencer to Greta Thunberg: Keep your house in perfect order before you criticize the world
On PBBM talking to Russia for oil, Jay Sonza teases critics, wonders where are they now who said PBBM not good enough to become President?
Open letter to Greta Thunberg: Continue to campaign for your own advocacy and do not speak about anything you know absolutely nothing about
Former PH delegate to the United Nations explains why “lot of empty seats” during PBBM’s UN General Assembly speech
CyberSecurity expert catches fake news of Kakampink-leaning FB page, says man in photo not Guatemalan President but UN Secretary General Antonio Gutierres
International relations expert, Pinoy netizens react to Greta Thunberg’s anti-Marcos rhetoric, ‘No climate justice under Marcos’
Spox of VP Inday Sara Duterte responds to critics, including Mon Tulfo, who says getting a new office of the Vice President is “LUHO”?
Fate is funny – Manila Bulletin writer on PBBM taking podium at United Nations on 50th anniversary of Martial Law declaration
Radio host alerts DDS and Marcos supporters demolition job from MVP group to destroy and diminish the popularity of VP Inday Sara Duterte?
Martial Law Museum or budget for SpEd? Netizen poses question to noisy Pinklawans criticizing DepEd because SpEd isn’t getting funds in 2022
Jay Sonza’s attempt to defend Leni Robredo from criticism because of the Pinocchio book brouhaha is an epic fail. Read why!
Influencer Mark Lopez slams Mon Tulfo if he believes Kakampink’s agitpro VP Inday Sara has insatiable appetite for power
Duterte influencer burst bubble of Kakampink who says Leni and Kiko were the two qualified candidates Filipino people wasted
This Leni Robredo’s latest PR offensive is a classic case of having the right idea but the execution simply sucks big time!
Political blogger IDs source of fake news VP Sara Duterte commutes to Manila-Davao & vice versa daily via gov’t chopper, says cyber libel case coming
BAD CASE OF JOURNALISM – International relations expert on Sunstar Cebu’s saying each Pinoy owes P155,862 debt based on latest PH outstanding debt
Open letter shows VP Sara Duterte “secret” formula how to carry out work as DepEd Sec without the need for chopper
Loyal Duterte supporter’s brilliant reply to Kakampinks decrying huge disparity of OVP budget then & now: “It’s called worth. One is WORTHIER than the other”
Acclaimed poet-writer tells DepEd to focus on Pinoy kids who can’t read not ROTC, lawyer boos writer, says it’s him who needs re-education
VP Inday Sara’s thank you message to PBBM for the PAW chopper causes an uproar on Twitter, loyal Duterte supporter debunks critics arguments
Ogie Diaz’s blind item about brewing trouble in the camp of rival politician because of unpaid salaries of trolls draws strong response from Marcos supporters
Open letter to parents: If you don’t want your children to be taught or disciplined, don’t send them to school. Teachers are not saints; they are human beings
Pinklawan influencer calls PBBM “Panggulo” on Twitter, pro-PBBM influencers retaliates on Facebook with interest
Journalist Ira Panganiban’s savage takedown of Leni Robredo’s remarks: “Andaming sinasabi, puro naman sablay. Puro kuwento, walang naman kuwenta”
Marcos critics are playing the blame game on Twitter as PH peso depreciates versus US dollar, but here comes journalist Ira Panganiban to spoil the fun
The anti-Marcoses are working double time on Twitter but so far, the pro-Marcos supporters are keeping them at bay, even making ’em eat humble pie
Sass Sasot saying “HI” to actress who accidentally spent P50K in online shopping but whines about P500/kilo white onions goes viral
Will Leni Robredo’s stint as Harvard Hauser leader speaker convinces public she is one fine leader the country needs in the future? Netizens react!
Here’s how the perennial problem of fluctuating prices and shortage of agri products in the country can be remedied according to an international relations expert!
Did Judy Ann Santos accidentally spend P50K in one online purchase & not whine about it unlike when she paid P500/kilo for white onions? Netizens react!
Lawyer seeks Janella Salvador’s opinion on these 5 gov’t plans of PBBM since she appears to be smart aleck in a quote card attributed to her
Critic says Atty. Leni Robredo is Madame Inconsistent after breaking her very own rule versus online trolls?
This lawyer burst Atty. Leni Robredo’s bubble  honorary degree is awarded to individuals due to intelligence or academic excellence
DOTR Secretary Christine Frasco’s brainchild program “Bisita Be My Guest” draws flak from Duterte and even Marcos supporters. Read why!
International relations expert to DSWD Secretary Erwin Tulfo: Don’t turn your back on the political base of the BBM admin
Netizen issues #attychallenge to Atty. Leni Robredo: Take on cases or clients, stand as lead counsel and argue the case in court
Netizen gives Ogie Diaz a dose of his own medicine for snide remarks vs famous anti-Leni Robredo lifestyle magazine editor
International relations expert raises interesting question of possible tie up of Leni Robredo’s Angat Buhay with DSWD: Ano po ang added value nyan?
Sports journo fires stinging rebuke at Chot Reyes, demands resignation: Let’s not use our top players as body shield. Bansa muna bago kapritso ng iba
Tough luck! – Veteran movie director on calls from Dilawans to cancel Eng Bee Tin hopia after owners watched Maid in Malacanang
International relations expert to Robredo siblings: Do you remember DDS calling him “Dr Rodrigo Duterte” after his honorary doctorate by Moscow Institute?
Open letter from a Kakampink to Leni Robredo speaks of disappointment & impatience in Leni camp for her inaction versus fake news peddlers?
Bicolano vlogger to Duterte supporters, critics who call PBBMM “weak leader” –  ‘PBBM grew up with the Master. He was trained from Day 1’
Netizens attempt to dissect excerpt of Leni Robredo’s Ateneo de Manila graduation speech but end up with hilarious result
Social media influencer MJ Reyes on Robredo siblings calling mom “Dra. Leni Robredo”: why not coconut! Walang basagan ng trip
Awkward! Ateneo and Harvard-educated Robredo siblings gets schooled on Facebook by int’l relations expert, ordinary netizens  for calling their mother “Dra”?
Veteran director urges public not to be fooled by their pro-masa advocacies amid talks of collab between DSWD Sec Erwin Tulfo and Leni Robredo
Radio host on Leni Robredo’s offer to help PBBM government and DSWD: The hypocrisy is so strong that it actually smells really fishy
Leni Robredo’s meeting with DSWD Secretary Erwin Tulfo for possible tie up with government elicits mixed reactions from DDS and Marcos loyalists
Open letter to Soc Villegas: Focus on teaching faith and morals to the flock. Bring back Catholic faithful to the church to attend mass
Lady doctor to Erwin Tulfo:  Social Welfare Secretary ka, ang tapang mong mang-alipusta ng pagkatao ng mga guro
Radio host, netizens up in arms in the internet because Bishop Soc Villegas said only truth-tellers can win the gates of heaven
This is awkward! Former MasterChef contestant offers Juday free lessons how to cook a few recipes sans white onions
Lawyer takes a swipe at Judy Ann Santos over white onion brouhaha: Ang taong di marunong tumingin, ay bibig ang pinanghahanap
Radio host on Judy Ann Santos’ claim she paid P550 for a kilo of white onions: Pasensya na Juday, pero laos na yang style na yan
Ex-cooking show contestant on Judy Ann Santos-Agoncillo whining about P550/kilo white onions: Mga artista talaga kapag palaos na pati sibuyas papatulan
This lady doctor offers to teach Judy Ann Santos recipes after her tirade on social media for paying white onions P550 a kilo went viral?
This must be the most plausible explanation why the Opposition & their supporters are raising hell on DepEd, sugar & white onion issues
This netizen thinks amending RA 10845 is the “magic pill” to stop skyrocketing prices of agri products like rice, sugar etc
Popular writer asks internet why Judy Ann Santos’ white onions are more expensive than what she found, netizens replies are hilarious not to share!
Do you agree with Comelec Chairman Andy Bautista that Philippines have low morale because many have lost morale and moral?
Manila Bulletin writer appeals to critics of the DSWD Secretary: Give Erwin Tulfo a break
Moses? Ikaw ba yan? – Direk Darryl Yap belligerent response to Fr Nongnong telling him to donate resonates with Pinoy netizens
FrNongnong’s ‘Magdonate ka’ tweet reply to the dare to Catholic church to give free education to poor Filipinos enrages radio host Mark Lopez
Catholic priest and social media influencer FrNongnong fires back at Darryl Yap’s dare to the Catholic church
Senator Raffy Tulfo’s favorable opinion of ABS-CBN-TV5 merger prompts netizen to write open letter to the senator. Read why!
International relations expert on Vice President Sara Duterte: Nagtatrabaho ang VP ngayon at hindi dumadagdag sa gulo
Maid in Malacanang director Darryl Yap’s tells Catholic church to open Catholic private schools for free if they really want to help the poor!
Irate events photographer slams Katips director Vince Tanada on Facebook for soliciting services of a photographer sans money involved?
Disappointed self-confessed fan of Herlene Budol reacts following her Karen Davila interview – “I’m afraid baka ma Rabiya siya”
Lawyer regrets wasting his younger years studying in UP Diliman only to find out that ‘history is the truth’ as per Herlene Hipon Budol’s statement
Who would have thought former President Marcos will haunt ABS-CBN from his grave amid merger with TV5?
Contrary to critics allegation ex-PRRD purchased new motorcycle using taxpayers’ money, staunch Duterte supporter reveals otherwise
This Twitter netizen slams VP Sara Duterte for her advocacy of mandatory ROTC when 9 out 10 10 yo pupils can’t even read gets internet laughing
Leni Robredo’s glowing endorsement of Vince Tanada’s “Katips” reinforces belief of critics former VP is indeed what they think she really is!
Atty. Nick swats Atty. Luke Espiritu’s assertion libel case against Walden Bello is politically motivated, masterminded by VP Sara Duterte?
Lawyer to Ms. Rita Avila who is putting her foot down on rewriting history: So, Rita, kumain ka na ba?
Sawsawera Queen RR Enriquez picks bone with Jaime Fabregas on mandatory ROTC: If you don’t know how to fight how can you defend your country?
Manila Bulletin writer appeals to supporters of ‘Maid in Malacanang’ not to interrupt brag of Katips re brisk ticket sales. Read why!
The eerie silence of A-list celebs notorious for toxic cancel culture in the wake of the success of Darryl Yap’s ‘Maid in Malacanang’ explained
Senator Nancy Binay preaches importance of truth-telling in healing of a nation to the public backfires big-time. Read why!
Radio host Mark Lopez clashes with veteran actor Jaime Fabregas on the issue of mandatory ROTC. Pick your side by commenting down below
Lawyer’s advice to Dilawan floating idea of civil case versus Maid in Malacanang directors, producers: Try iodin without an e, nakakatalino raw!
Movie director says Maid in Malacanang is a box office hit but surprisingly credits Dilawand for its success? Read why!
This prominent Dilawan satirist thanks God for Boracay on Twitter but Duterte supporters attack her for being an ingrate? Read why!
Giselle Sanchez talks why she accepts highly controversial role in Darryl Yap’s ‘Maid in Malacanang’ movie amid criticism from Dilawans
Did VP Inday Sara Duterte just declare war against Makabayan Bloc with this statement promising to end their reign of deception of the public?
Stage actor and singer Audie Gemora’s tweet to make Senator Robinhood Padilla the laughingstock in social media backfires big time!
VP Sara Duterte’s savage rebuttal to former Bayan Muna Rep. Eufemia Cullamat’s statement draws praise from socmed influencers, netizens
Atty. Darwin shares thoughts on some solid Duterte supporters who are expecting PBBM to be the exact copy of ex-PRRD?
Social media influencer shares reply of PRRD when asked regarding his plans after stepping down: “Quiet na lang ako. Tapos na panahon ko”
Political strategist Malou Tiquia on former VP Leni Robredo speaking on the day of a crisis – Totally uncalled for!
Jay Sonza to fellow Mindanaoan Senator Koko Pimentel –  Nakakasuka ka sir!
Another Leftist leader joins Renato Reyes who calls himself anti-West, anti-capitalist yet  patronizes Western brands
Netizen’s savage retort to Kakampinks who called VP Sara Duterte “cosplayer” for going tribal makes 20,000+ netizens laugh
Leni Robredo supporter and TV host Bianca Gonzales’ tweet in reaction to PBBM’s SONA draws mixed reactions from netizens. Read why!
Radio host on ex-Senator Kiko Pangilinan challenging PBBM to solve hunger – Anlakas ng loob at tigas ng mukha na maghamon nitong TRAPO NA ITO
Manila Bulletin writer exposes how ignorant VP Sara Duterte’s critic re school uniforms not mandatory in public schools with amusing result
Retired AFP General lectures UP Diliman Economics Professor because he said the Philippines is not an agricultural country
May dapat ba silang katakutan? – Veteran director on anti-Marcos advocates already attacking “Maid in Malacanang” when movie is not in theater yet
Open letter to Gilas Coach Chot Reyes: Minsan po kaunting pakiramdam naman. Gusto naman naming subukan ang iba
Int’l relations expert to critics nitpicking PBBM’s English grammar – Grammar is not a measure of intelligence
Is Philippines agricultural country or not? Senator Robin Padillla speaks up amid heated debate raging online
After this tweet, you will probably not take historian Ambeth Ocampo very seriously despite his solid credentials and all
Arnell Ignacio slams historian Ambeth Ocampo who told fellow academics to reclaim socmed as space for truth: you are no academic god…
Marcos loyalist says this 2022 Debt-to-GDP ratio world ranking is bad news to anti-Duterte & anti-Marcoses
Jay Sonza to Mrs. George Clooney – Who the hell are you? Who do you think you are?
British national on Maria Ressa going to jail — I don’t think 31 million Filipinos or more would even be bothered or even loose any sleep over your fate
Candid shot of Renato Reyes of Bayan making phone call from iPhone 12 has elicited both funny and sarcastic remarks from netizens
Netizen asks Maria Ressa, Leni, free speech advocates if they called out government when Cory Aquino sued journalists of libel like they are now?
Retired broadcaster Jay Sonza to Maria Ressa: ‘Walang pake ang Pinoy kung mabulok ka man sa bilangguan’
Rowena Guanzon tweeted: I am an elected official; fellow lawyer rolls eyes: Akala ko ba Comelec Commissioner ka. Dapat alam mo ito
Lawyer slams Maria Ressa who accuses the government of weaponizing the law against critics like her
International relations expert shares moral of the story when G. Tongi corrects old Inquirer article about her by telling her own side of the story
Isalpak nyo sa bunganga nyo yang sliced bread ninyo at tunggain nyo lahat yung tubig nyong pinaka maliit ang size – Netizen to Kakampinks
Manila Bulletin writer infers Leni Robredo is unlucky PBBM’s DSWD Secretary is named Erwin Tulfo? Read why!
This photo collage from the Inquirer is quite controversial lately that DSWD Secretary Erwin Tulfo needs to issue a clarificatory statement asap
Bicolano vlogger slams Leni’s Angat Buhay for taking credit in helping Banaue flash flood victims while relegating Philippine Army as second fiddle?
Netizen slams Maria Ressa following tweet insinuating Marcos admin behind CA decision upholding her cyber libel case conviction
Giselle Tongi joins Ella Cruz bashed party on Twitter but ended up fending off accusation she lied about marching in EDSA 1986
Did Judy Ann Santos criticize the government because she is struggling to come up ideas for her cooking show due to inflation?
Radyo Singko host/lawyer writes timely article reconciling NSA Sec. Clarita Carlos and Dr. Lorraine Badoy positions re fighting the NPA
US-based certified public accountant, netizens slam Makabayan lawmaker who said Pinoys are now eating “pagpag”
Are you ignorant or what?! — Fellow Bicolano to Tricia Robredo after criticizing bill to rename NAIA to Ferdinand E. Marcos Int’l Airport on Twitter
Tribune column writer, showbiz writer Ogie Diaz trade barbs over latter’s newspaper column dedicated to showcase Leni Robredo’s performance as VP
Veteran director and actor Manny Castaneda’s shares one fervent wish for PBBM to accomplish as President
This is wholesale fakery — Atty Ahmed on school textbook attributing Cory and Ninoy Aquino “Mga Bayaning Pilipino”
Tanga spotted – Atty. Nick on actor Janno Gibbs complaining about deadline for paying taxes despite having no job
Radyo Singko anchor and lawyer tells Agot Isidro to practice what she preach before giving advice to Ella Cruz
Former Asec of Duterte admin puts Pokwang’s spelling on the spotlight after comedian joked of returning Ella Cruz to the sea because it is rich with IODIN
Ayan, napaghahalata ang interes ng mga buwaya — Lawyer on Senator Chiz Escudero doubting PBBM’s power to veto a bill passed by previous Congress
Atty. Nick runs to the defense of actress Ella Cruz who was castigated by Filipino historian Ambeth Ocampo for comparing history to “chismis”
Is Leni Robredo’s Angat Buhay NGO a ploy to keep her politically relevant in the next few years so she can be made to run again?
Jay Sonza slams ‘mainstream media’ who circled in President Bongbong Marcos Patek Philippine wristwatch rather than inauguration
Vlogger debunks claim by journalist PBBM delivered his inaugural speech with the help of teleprompters
T@en@ng malisyosong mga palaka – Veteran journalist on Raissa Robles who criticizes FL Lisa Marcos for this gesture during PBBM’s inauguration
Brave radio host tells former US Senator Hillary Clinton to please shut up on Twitter over Rappler brouhaha
Ret. Air Force General shares his sentiment and fellow retired AFP Generals re appointment of Prof. Clarita Carlos as National Security Adviser
Open letter requesting President-elect Bongbong Marcos to cancel Prof. Clarita Carlos’ appointment to National Security post goes viral
Political writer says he respects incoming National Security Adviser Prof. Clarita Carlos for her intellect but this is the most stupid idea I have heard
Manila Bulletin writer beats Dilawan influencer to a pulp, figuratively speaking, who shit on Salamat PRRD because it trended on Twitter
Netizens slam journalist who made fun of FL Liza Marcos’ outfit during oathtaking of Vice President Sara Duterte in Davao City
Manila Bulletin writer chides incoming Marcos appointees for tactless remarks that appears to throw their Boss under the bus
Did ret. Lt. General Antonio Parlade just accuse fellow AFP Generals of conniving with cartels PBBM will be waging war as Commander-in-Chief?
Atty. Bruce Rivera makes strong argument why  our K12 program needs in-depth review
Mrs. Mariel Padilla defends neophyte senator husband from Marcos loyalists who are mad because Robin Padilla did not credit PBBM for his win?
Jay Sonza rebukes anti-Duterte journalist/blogger for laziness and being irresponsible and wants Twitter followers to do the work for her
Read why (Ret.) Lt. Gen. Antonio Parlade said  PBBM taking Department of Agriculture portfolio is a master stroke!
Brilliant move – British national praises PBBM’s announcement to take on Department of Agriculture
Lawyer’s wicked response to Catholic priest who told Marcoses on Twitter how to regain integrity of family name goes viral
UP professor who asks how VP-elect Sara Duterte balance Deped and OVP work gets wicked response from netizen
For throwing shade at incoming PCOO Secretary for being a blogger, media personality’s embarrassing social media post revisited by netizens
Is Leni Robredo liable for graft for conducting meetings, OVP staffs doing Angat Buhay NGO related stuffs in the OVP?
Netizens react to critics of Manila Bay rehabilitation project who said it still smells bad even after the “cosmetic” job?
JP Enrile claims groups in America and in the Philippines planning and preparing destabilization vs newly-elected President BBM?
Doctor Fighter MD agrees with Senator-elect Robin Padilla’s intent to use Tagalog in senate debate
Is Russian Ambassador offering to help PH satisfy its energy needs because of Duterte gambit? Bicolano vlogger thinks so
Netizen slams senior lecturer at UP Diliman School of Economics who said the Manila Bay white sand beach is some Filipinos’ idea of progress
Retired Lt. Gen. Antonio Parlade sends message to people rejoicing at the news incoming NSA Secretary Prof. Clarita Carlos will put an end to redtagging
Outgoing VP Leni Robredo’s message to VP-elect Sara Duterte has been met with raise eyebrows from fellow Bicolano, netizens. Read why!
Netizen calls Kakie Pangilinan mainstream media’s poster girl of anti-Duterte narrative despite possessing neither talents nor beauty to merit attention
BBM supporter defends Senator-elect Robin Padilla from fellow Marcos loyalists calling to cancel him for thanking Kris Aquino, not BBM for his win?
Lawyer hopes Dr. Clarita Carlos appointment as National Security Adviser of PBBM admin will usher end of leftist campus recruitment in state U and colleges?
‘This is a stupid move’ – Radio host slams resolution of Quezon City officials to declare Ai-ai delas Alas and film maker Darryl Yap ‘persona non grata’
Netizen wants to send Antonio Trillanes to Ukraine for rating PRRD’s performance as President a generous 1 out 10?
Former DOTr Asec takes a swipe at Andrea Brillantes who complains of getting bashed despite having good intentions
Senator-elect Robin Padilla tells veteran journo ‘who says blogging is not journalism…it’s cheap’ to read the Constitution
“What a clown.” – Manila Bulletin writer on Leni Robredo saying God must love her so much she was spared from much bigger problems
Fellow Bicolano rejects Leni Robredo’s reason why she lost to BBM massively because “Talagang mahal ako ng Diyos”
UP senior lecturer insults President-elect BBM for for being the BOSS of 3 Economics PhDs from UP, gets dose of own medicine from fellow alumnus
Manila Bulletin writer warns PBBM: Leni Robredo’s Angat Buhay NGO will try to compete with government efforts just like what she did to PRRD
Retired broadcaster Jay Sonza reacts to disparaging tweet of journalist Raissa Robles against Mindanao, calling it no-go for foreign tourist
Governor Jonvic Remulla shows support to transgender Sass Rogando Sasot who cried doubled-cancelled on socmed against Church of God Dasmarinas
#IStandWithSass|British national calls out church of Dasmarinas for their absolutely disgusting bigotry vs member of LGBTQ community in open letter
Leni Robredo as Ms. Charie Villa’s defense lawyer? Netizen raises the idea in open letter to embattled former ABS-CBN reporter
Lawyer tagged ‘fake news peddlers’ in viral list gives former ABS-CBN reporter a heads up – Paliwanag mo sa judge. Clear your schedule
Vlogger to former ABS-CBN reporter Charie Villa in open letter – OMG! Are you a journalist who avoids accountability for your posts?
Friend of incoming PCOO Secretary Atty. Trixie Cruz-Angeles dares Atty. Luke to debate with Juan Ponce Enrile on Martial Law instead not with his friend
After the Senator Imee Marcos zoom interview, Karen Davila took to Twitter preaching about being magnanimous in victory
Did Ms. Agot Isidro calls Red Cross, DSWD and government untrustworthy hence she will focus her efforts on Angat Buhay NGO of Leni Robredo?
International Relations expert teaches Ms. Karen Davila how to ask the right questions when talking about government debt in next interview
Senator Imee Marcos proposal to give government jobs to ‘Pinklawan personalities’ not received well by some Marcos loyalists. Read why!
Jay Sonza on Karen Davila interview with Benjamin Diokno: Dito mo makikita kung gaano katanga ang isang announcer o program presenter sa telebisyon
Senator Kiko Pangilinan’s dare to incoming Marcos admin re looming food crisis elicits criticism for wearing pink ribbon instead of PH flag?
Listen what Mama Meldy says when she receives a special gift from President-elect BBM at the holding room in Batasan Pambansa
Former Duterte Asec, netizens react to Ogie Diaz’s rant calling BBM-Sara supporters paid trolls?
Will Karen Davila and MSM take the dare from a Marcos loyalist if indeed they are serious about moving forward doesn’t mean erasing history?
This heartwarming gesture from VP-elect Sara Duterte to attend the Moving Up ceremony of a student supporter from Pangasinan goes viral
Outgoing PRRD as Marcos admin’s drug czar? Netizens react to the idea broached by President-elect BBM during press conference
Atty. Nick shares 6 reasons why Rappler got it all wrong to accuse press con snub preview of what’s to come for critical press during PBBM admin
Laugh trip! Kakampink wonders how Leni-Kiko lost in their community when almost all house gates displayed Leni-Kiko tarps!
Stop trying to be relevant, you are not – Jay Sonza to Ms. Karen Davila after her tweet criticizing PBBM’s Cabinet appointments lately
BBM-Sara influencer says this latest tweet from Kakampink regarding BBM-Sara victory hug is classic Yellow lies and disinformation in action
Senator-elect Loren Legarda’s tweet explains why VP-elect Sara Duterte arrived in Batasan for the proclamation on her running shoes
Anong akala niyo, di bistado sa ganung style bulok? – Lawyer to Leni Robredo camp’s manifestation of no objection to canvassing of COCs for president
Atty. Nick to acclaimed director Mike de Leon who said he is ashamed of being Filipino today: Hu u ka ba? Sa amin, isa ka lang basura!
Leni to DSWD? Dilawan supporter says she would only believe message of unity if BBM appoints Opposition leaders to his cabinet
Do you agree with Jay Sonza that this photo release from Team Leni Robredo is the most OA, pathetic looking?
Did the Political Scientist really say BBM-Sara won, but Leni-Kiko captured the hearts & minds of young people? Int’l relations expert, netizens react
Is Chel Diokno trying the Tulfo playbook and a little from PRRD in preparation for next senate run? Atty. Ahmed reacts with a laugh if indeed he is
Retired UP Professor Clarita Carlos mulls invoking cyberlibel law to protect from unjust, idiotic and clearly malicious accusation
International Relations expert reveals new propaganda of Leni camp: Leni got 14M valid votes, would like BBM 31M votes declared stray votes
Lawyer slams Senator-elect Raffy Tulfo for asking President Duterte to declare Susan Roces burial National Day of mourning?
Foreigner with a Filipino family and heart to DJ Mo Twister: Why have you got any right to insult a large proportion of the Philippine electorate?
Senator Juan Ponce Enrile: The petition to disqualify Bongbong Marcos has become moot and academic without a TRO from the Supreme Court
Kahit anong aral kung matutulog lang din – Lawyer on Senator Drilon’s unsolicited advice to neophyte senators to study and respect senate tradition
Senator Robin Padilla’s combative reply outgoing Senator Drilon’s advice to respect tradition, study so as not embarrass himself goes viral
Does Bianca Gonzalez sounds virtue signalling to you while sharing her worries on parenting in today’s world of technology & disinformation?
Thank you sir for this kind gesture, it made me cry and was so touching – Pinoy-at-heart Brit Malcolm Conlan in open letter to Prince Charles
Socmed influencer says Robin Padilla’s PRRD-like charisma, sense of humor, patriotism, and common sense, he’ll likely be one of the top VPs in 2028
Veteran lawyer says based on Political Question Doctrine, the Supreme Court no jurisdiction to entertain the case
Did Bishop Soc Villegas describe himself when he defines online trolls? Radio host Mark Lopez, netizens think so
Manila Bulletin writer on Kakampinks blaming anti-Marcos for Leni Robredo’s defeat to BBM? – Kayo shunga, kami may kasalanan?
Jay Sonza on SC petition to declare Marcos COC void: No magistrate will DQ a duly elected voted by an overwhelming votes of over 31 million Filipino people
Did Liza Soberano find it ridiculous Robin Padilla getting more votes than Leni in the just concluded election?
Atty. Nick on SC petition to declare BBM’s COC void from the very beginning – malamang isasawalang-bahala lang ito o “dismiss”
This lawyer likes how Presumptive VP Sara Duterte’s Spox kicks Senator Risa Hontiveros’ ass but IMO, he did it better
Wala kaming paki sa mga ganitong imaging – Netizen on photo of Leni Robredo ironing daughter’s toga while in New York
Too much fakery. Over the top hypocrisy – Radio host on alleged “candid” photo of sleeping Leni Robredo on the airport bench
Gladys Chuhay Guevarra responds to Kakampink basher: Yung Evil lurking po eh wala sa mga panga namin kundi nasa pagkatao nyo po
Did actor Audie Gemora accuse BBM of booking entire Amanpulo for his victory party using taxpayers’ money? Lawyer, netizens react!
Netizens react to Bishop Soc Villegas’ “Nagmukhang talo si Jesus nang ipako sya sa krus…parang tayo di ba?” post-election message to Kakampinks
Social media influencer announces July 1 launch of Salamat PRRD Foundation to coincide with Leni Robredo’s Angat Buhay NGO?
Angry Pinoy-at-heart Brit slams Project Nightfall’s in open letter, accuses vlogger of Pinoy baiting for engagement and make money out of Pinoys
Netizen accuses Human Rights Watch of attacking BBM for relevancy and to keep money flowing from international donors?
Netizen burns Senator re-elect Risa Hontiveros who said Sara Duterte can’t be next DepEd Sec because she is no education expert?
Kakampink Michael V. of Pepito Manaloto fame, writes poem urging fellow Kakampinks to respect the people’s choice and support BBM admin
Abu Sayyaf kidnap victim says she’s proud of  senate race topnotcher Robin Padilla, recalls how he helped her and a fellow captive win freedom
Queen of Bardagulan offers tantalizing local alternative to Kakampinks wishing to leave the country because Marcos is the president but can’t afford
Jay Sonza slams former colleagues: Akala mo naman kung sino kayong pagkalilinis ng pagkatao, karamihan sa inyo ay mga madudungis
Is Associate Justice Antonio Carpio saying now that indeed 31M Pilipinos are crazy?  – Lt. Gen. Antonio Parlade after BBM’s impending victory
UP Prof. Clarita Carlos reacts to Kakie Pangilinan’s statement re PBBM by asking her to write 5000-word essay defending her declaration
If I was to speak as his daughter all I have to say is mahal na mahal ng tatay ko ang pilipinas, mahal nya ang mga tao – Kylie Padilla
Opinion Column writer to Andrea Brillantes’ “Nasa’n mga utak nyo?” remark: Please. Live up to your surname. Kasing ganda dapat ng brilyante yung puso mo
Lolit Solis after BBM’s impending win: Gusto ko makita ngayon ang mga stars na ubod ng yabang na sumuporta sa kanilang kandidato
Cesar Montano to critics of Robin Padilla: Hintayin lang po natin kapag nakaupo na si Sen. Robin. It’s unfair to judge him now
Walang may paki – Netizen on UP Office of Student Regent calling for walk out of UP students under BBM presidency
The austerity of the Duterte administration will be completely replaced by the ostentatiousness of a Marcos one — Manila Bulletin writer Krizette Chu
Why BBM? Anti-Marcos Manila Bulletin writer cites 8 compelling reasons why BBM is her President
This netizen’s brilliant and brutally honest analysis of what went wrong with Leni’s presidential campaign and why she will lose to BBM goes viral
Pede na endorser ng orocan at tupperware – Netizen’s reaction on Sharon Cuneta’s latest message to BBM and Sara Duterte
Look! Video of supposed torch rally to pray for peaceful election but also to pray for Leni-Kiko tandem victory?
Netizen’s 2018 answer to the question, “Why is it no one supports Vice President Leni Robredo in the Philippines?” goes viral
Loren Legarda’s 2nd son pens letter to PhilStar to tell the world he is prouder of her mom Loren more than ever as he gets older
Andrew Olivar’s clap back at socmed influencer who told netizens not to go to church on Sunday if they will vote a thief on Monday amuses internet
Bakit BBM? – Atty. Trixie of the Luminous gives long and short answers to Kakampinks posing this question to BBM supporters
We do not need a pretty or handsome face or a teleprompter brain in the Palace – Juan Ponce Enrile on choosing next PH leader
Social media influencer after watching Robin Padilla interview with Karen Davila: Told you, he’s no dumb. Hindi lahat ng artista ay mangmang
Atty. Bruce Rivera discusses legality of son or daughter disowning one’s parents amid viral open letter of Lorenzo Legarda Leviste
Manila Bulletin writer responds to Lorenzo Legarda Leviste’s question in viral open letter if she ever spat blood after crying so hard?
Mga hampaslupa mentality. Puro panakot — Manila Bulletin writer slams Kakampinks employing same tactic when Duterte ran in 2016 and now vs BBM
Delusional – Radio host on Vice Ganda releasing full vlog/interview of Leni Robredo to counter INC endorsement of BBM-Sara tandem?
Look! Leni Robredo-Tito Sotto, not Leni-Kiko in sample ballots distributed in Samar?
Two lawyers shows confused political analyst correct political analysis why Leni Robredo, despite her credentials, trails BBM in poll surveys by a mile
Manila Bulletin writer, netizens slam Kakampinks after photo of Sumilao farmers sleeping in cold concrete floor makes it on Facebook
Be careful. You may be digging your own hole — Manong Johnny Enrile’s humble advice to some people planning dark things if BBM wins
Senator Juan Ponce Enrile to people attacking BBM’s academic credentials: What is important is the ability to think and decide
Look! Dick Gordon airs frustration in Batangas rally because they are not allowed to speak as much as they want in Leni-Kiko rally
Arnell Ignacio, pinayuhan si Kim Chiu na kumuha ng spokesperson para di na sya sumabit?
Ang taas talaga ng hangin mo sa katawan at feel na feel mo na gusto kang pakinggan ng tao – OFW’s reaction on Leni daring BBM to a debate
Netizen’s brilliant suggestion of a prelim debate between Robredo and Pacquiao to determine BBM’s challenger goes viral
Lawyer produces “resibo” to belie Vice Ganda’s statement ABS-CBN did not apply for a new franchise
UP alumnus praises President Duterte’s self-awareness and authenticity for admitting he was wrong on 3-6 months dr*g war deadline
Netizen on Leni Robredo’s April 27 statement: Mmmmm. Parang nabawasan na ng angas
Netizen involved in Baguio Public Market “shouting incident” speaks up, calls News5 liar for peddling fake news, denies confrontation with Jillian Robredo
Lawyer to Vice Ganda: “Let me educate you”
Netizen laments hypocrisy of MSM for making Jillian Baguio incident a huge issue while paying little attention to BBM “flier throwing” incident
Lawyer fact-checks Mo Twister who tweeted BBM refuses to go on debates because he’s never been to a job interview
Jillian Robredo shrugs off heckling incident in Baguio City Public Market, tells Kakampinks to focus on their campaign
“Parayawnun”, “masumo” — Netizen slams Jim Paredes & company’s street performance to campaign against BBM in a busy street somewhere in the metro
Why I will not vote for Leni? — UP alumna explains why Leni won’t get her vote
Star power vs political machinery of local leaders? Jay Sonza wants netizens to guess who they think will deliver the votes for Leni vs BBM
Manila Bulletin writer trolls Leni: Ang sakit lang yung super idol mo sya na gusto mo super twinning kayo tapos hindi ikaw ang sinuportahan
Robin Padilla issues stern warning to Ka Leody in the wake of statement re former President Ferdinand Marcos remains at LNB
Netizen’s emphatic “I am not dumb” answer to the “Why BBM?” question of Leni supporters goes viral
Netizen on Kakampinks: Before Duterte, they mocked Filipinos for being enamored with celebs. Now, they welcome celebs endorsing Leni-Kiko tandem
Look! BBM-Sara supporter’s canned response to Kakampinks on house-to-house mission makes Facebook laugh
Manong Johnny Enrile – Since Leni Robredo is billed as a lawyer and economist, may we know what kind of practice did she perform?
Robin Padilla to BBC correspondent who tried to ambush interview BBM: Do not act, speak nor ask like you are our master and we are your slaves
Direk Manny Castaneda on Comelec-sponsored presidential debate: Halatang pinagkakakitaan lang ng mga organizers ito through sponsorships
Netizen starts FB survey to debunk Leni supporters who think Google Trends is good indicator of Leni victory in presidential polls
Balikbayan from US and Bicolano accountant to Mocha Uson: Did I miss something?! Hindi na official residence ng President of the Philippines ang Malacañang?!
Manila Bulletin writer says theme of Leni-Kiko Tondo Manila rally offended her in viral FB post. Read why!
British national slams BBC for biased and skewed coverage reporting of BBM in open letter
Netizen explains why Cebu isn’t pink: Hindi mabilis ma impress sa artista ang mga Cebuano
Jay Sonza on latest rebranding of Leni Robredo: The problem is not branding. Ang produktong ibinebenta ang problema
This Maritess with a phone disagrees with Leni-Kiko rally organizers who estimated 250,000 crowd attended Cebu event
Lawyer barks at Ms. Kim Chiu: Wag mambintang. Ikaw ang naglagay ng post, kaya nabab@sh ang ina pink mo
Ateneo alumna gives Mark Lopez quick English lesson who made fun of Leni Robredo for “You are in a good place now” birthday message to Kim Chiu
Jay Sonza’s FB post re Leni Robredo’s birthday video message to Kim Chiu draws laughter from netizens
Jay Sonza laughs at graduates of Ateneo de Manila, UP Diliman etc. after their schools did not make it to Top 15 Southeast Asia top universities 2022
Open letter to Archbishop Soc Villegas: You are the Prince of Darkness that is really rotten to the core, disguised as a priest
FEU Political Science and International Relations instructor explains why he will vote BBM mainly because of two reasons
Retired AFP General reveals subtle message of joint Moreno-Lacson-Gonzales presscon
Direk Manny Castaneda says many Filipinos wants to do a Will Smith to the Aquinos and Liberal Party hence they are voting BBM
Political science teacher says Kakampinks love for Balagtasan-style of writing or speaking is the reason they cannot win elections again
Netizen says Leni Robredo cannot expect ratings to go up or gain new supporters in the wake of Ping-Isko-Norberto presscon
Atty. Bruce Rivera on joint presscon of Ping and Isko re Leni Robredo: It is a rebuke on her character as a leader
Guess what? Leni-Kiko tandem changes color once again. Here’s how Manila Bulletin writer, netizens react to latest PR stunt of Kakampinks
Manila Bulletin writer spells out what Ping, Isko and company’s revelation in presscon re Leni Robredo: Leni CAN’T LEAD
International relations expert chides BBM critic who makes it an issue because BBM rides plane in campaign sorties
Lawyer chides Kalookan Bishop David who said red is the color of Good Friday perhaps as a reminder that Jesus died of red-tagging?
Lawyer to Ligayen Archbishop Soc Villegas: The humility of accepting a leader who is not your choice is the valued unity you should be preaching
Who started this stupidity anyway?  – TraveLife publisher asks re Google Trends-inspired meme predicting Leni Robredo’s victory in 2022 polls
#OpenLetter|UK national reveals to His Holiness Pope Francis regarding Catholic Bishops & priests in PH endorsing a presidential candidate
Cagayan town mayor takes to Facebook to show proofs Leni Robredo promised to help his constituents but until now, NADA!
Int’l relations expert asks PH embassy in UAE to update 2017 advisory re taking photos in premises while Pia Wurtzbach did so after asking permission
Lawyer on Pokwang defending Leni Robredo:  She managed to uplift and demean mothers. Kaya pinatulan ko. Ipokrita eh
Netizen to former PNP Chief Guillermo Eleazar: Please lang. Wag mo sakyan ang fake news na yan. Akala ko pa naman hindi ka tanga
Lawyer invites Leni Robredo to produce evidence of the existence of alleged tape, says who makes a controversial claim, bears burden of proving it
Marcos loyalist questions timing of the Aika video brouhaha when it was uploaded in October 2019 and 2020?
Netizen to Aika Robredo who urges supporters to move on: You started this, finish it. Where is the video? Then you can move on
Nakalimutan kaya or clueless lang na inappropriate yan? – Netizen ask after this controversial photo of Leni Robredo circulates online
Epic! BBM-Sara supporters in Leyte buck flood brought by Typhoon Agaton to campaign for BBM-Sara tandem in viral video
Netizen strongly rejects Piolo Pascual saying Leni Robredo is the only one who can unite Filipinos in latest campaign video
This tweet from a Kakampink regarding the exit poll in Hongkong and why BBM is the sentimental choice elicits mixed reactions from netizens
Leni Robredo as jeepney driver? Jay Sonza pokes fun at Leni for disembarking at the driver’s side?
Radio host slams Angeli Pangilinan Valenciano for playing victim on Twitter after Gab at receiving end of trolls for believing Leni-Kiko tandem?
Netizen’s analogy of BBM vs Leni and their respective supporters amuses internet, trends on Facebook
Netizen’s brilliant analysis answers the whys Leni Robredo can’t breach ceiling to catch up BBM at the helm and replicate 2016 feat
Netizen to woman in UP Oval jogging viral video: If I could reach out through my screen and slap her I would
Netizen to BBM supporters: If you don’t want to get harassed, don’t jog at UP Oval. Read why!
Cebuano friend of Mayor Sara Duterte slams ex-Cebu City mayor who said Davao City remained ugly despite having a father for a President
Manila Bulletin writer on Gab Valenciano: Kamukha siya ng ng mga bida-bida sa school na feeling gwapo at starring sa lahat kaya nakakairita
Manila Bulletin writer wants categorical answer from Kakampinks if they think Pulse Asia survey is credible or not?
Atty. Nick shows ex-Justice Antonio Carpio’s he is a better lawyer than him, especially when talking about estate tax?
Dabawenyo rains parade of Kakampinks amid 9% increase of Leni’s rating – Di nyo na kayang lampasan ang survey ratings ng BBM-SARA tandem
ANG KAPAL KAPAL KAPAL KAPAL NG MUKHA – Irate Duterte supporter to Leni’s team for using PRRD quotes in their anti-BBM campaign materials
Netizen on meme hitting Liza Araneta Marcos – Like all other lies painted against the Marcoses, this won’t stick
Radio host slams Leni Robredo because she wants to ban turncoatism if elected President?
Yorme Isko’s ignorance on estate tax and yet he aspires to become president frustrates this lawyer
Arnell Ignacio to singer-songwriter who commented about the estate tax of the Marcoses —  Stay in your lane
Atty. Bruce Rivera responds to Lito Atienza saying BBM as next PH leader will make Filipinos world’s laughing stock?
This, after she ran as independent after being in the liberal party for years — Netizen on Leni Robredo wanting a law banning turncoatism
Manny Pacquiao dared BBM to a debate but after watching his incoherence when asked about foreign policy, BBM supporters have the last laugh!
Ely Buendia as BIR Commissioner? Radio host urges PRRD to appoint former E heads frontman to BIR because he sounds like an expert on tax liabilities
Direk Manny Castaneda says he is voting for this Presidential candidate because he believes this candidate abhors CPP-NPA-NDF
Non-Marcos apologist lawyer offers simple yet brilliant explanation of the P203B estate taxes brouhaha of the Marcoses and BBM’s complicity
Ang OA ha! — Direk Manny Castaneda on Dilawans crying “bastos” because organizers of BBM-Sara rally in Tarlac did this to Ninoy Aquino’s statue?
Leni Robredo not putting down on LGU exec promoting Ro-Sa (Robredo-Sara) tandem makes netizen wonder what kind of leader Leni will be
Former Leni supporter says Leni Robredo hiring Bam Aquino as campaign manager is common sense things the VP doesn’t get
Kung tatakbo bilang pangulo, kahit paano dapat may working knowledge ng saligang batas – Lawyer to Presidential aspirant
Netizen responds to Kakampink who questioned Sara Duterte’s achievements: Kumusta dyan sa City mo, naka underground cable na ba?
Here’s why BBM is better off without President Duterte’s endorsement and its simply f*ck*ng brilliant!
Yorme Isko’s “kahit ibenta ko lahat” response amid criticism of the sale of Divisoria Public Market draws more flak from netizens
Veteran movie director on reports Leni Robredo consistently topping campus surveys – Parang niloloko lang nila ang kanilang sarili
Lawyer says MJ Lastimosa’s Grab story time is Valentine 2.0. Read why!
Be better than great, Bongbong — Netizen’s message to BBM after watching video of supporters braving heavy downpour during BBM-Sara rally
Don’t me. Remember when she mocked PRRD? — Netizen reacts to extra sweet Tricia Robredo to old woman to campaign for her mother in Manila
Yorme Isko’s justification for selling Divisoria Public Market raises more questions from US-based Bicolano accountant
Netizen on Yorme Isko stepping out into the rain in campaign rally – Nauna na po yung BBM and Baste in the rain pictures. And that was waaaaaaay hotter
Political science professor says being Machiavellian isn’t bad. In fact, all successful countries in the world have Machiavellian leaders
International relations expert and SMNI Deep Probe panelist cites 4 reasons why BBM is her President
Netizen to Leni Robredo – Madame Veep, this is one of the most egotistical statements you’ve put out yet
Watch: Spot the difference how Gensan welcome Leni vs BBM when they paid courtesy calls to Gensan Mayor
Magazine publisher scolds Kakampink supporter  who says BBM is not fit to become President because he was college dropout spoiled brat
Netizen chides Leni, Manny, Isko amid endless  mudslinging vs BBM – Show people bakit ikaw, hindi yong bakit hindi sya
Netizen to Kris Aquino: Pls attend more rallies and remind people that Leni will continue Noy’s legacy
Does Leni Robredo looks disinterested to you in reciprocating Kris Aquino’s hug on stage in Leni-Kiko Tarlac rally?
Daughter of Tarlac City Mayor hits back at Kris Aquino for “walang utang na loob” remark during speech in Leni-Kiko rally
Amid noise online Marcoses owe P200B+ estate tax to the government, ordinary netizen’s simple explanation of estate tax goes viral
Hindi ka nya gusto, ginagamit ka lang nya —Netizen speaks hard truth re Leni Robredo – Cong. Pantaleon Alvarez alliance
Gusto ko lang sabihin as a Maritess that the exes of Kris Aquino and Sharon Cuneta are all supporting the Marcos/Duterte tandem – Krizette Chu
This anti-Leni Robredo lawyer says Kris A’s presence in Leni-Kiko rally in Tarlac gives the lie to Robredo’s distancing to the yellow brand
Self-confessed British fan tells Kris Aquino to respect Filipinos who prefer BBM as President according to majority of surveys
Netizens react to Manny Pacquiao’s “if all Filipinos were like Leni, he would not be running for President” statement
Netizen’s comment reply to the “Nasa Amin ang Limang Darna” from a Kakampink just too hilarious not to share!
The best man for a job is not a woman. The best man for a job is a Filipino – Davaoeño netizen reacts to VP Leni Robredo’s pet campaign pitch
Netizen on Robredo-Sara idea floated by YKW: For the first time in history makakita kayo ng Presidenteng naging julalay sa VP
Sandro Marcos speaks up on photo of BBM-Digong circulating online after supporters of the opposing camp called it “FAKE”?
Netizen says miting de avance of BBM-Sara vs Leni-Kiko is real gauge of the groundswell of support not rallies
Netizen reminds DDS not to reject Mocha, Vivian Velez et al if they want to return, doing so runs counter to BBM’s message of UNITY
Netizen dares Manny Pacquiao to attend SMNI Deep Probe Presidential Debate since he challenge BBM to a one-on-one debate
Lady fish vendor’s handwritten letter to BBM melts the hearts of netizens, to give up one-day earnings for BBM’s campaign earn her netizen’s praise
Wala pang lalakeng nakakaloko sa akin pero babae meron na — Netizen on campaigning for Leni Robredo in 2016 and against BBM
Direk Manny Castaneda on huge crowd of Leni-Kiko rallies: What we see is the whole 20% of what they have to offer. Yun na yun
Sa mga naniniwala na magaling si Leni na Presidente kasi lawyer sya, I’m offering my mom as your dentist FREE OF CHARGE – Krizette Chu
This netizen blames Leni Robredo and fellow candidates why BBM is highly popular and favored to succeed PRRD?
Paano kami maniniwala sa iyo niyan? — Netizen to Leni Robredo who promise to continue Duterte’s Build Build Build
Ang MEMA ng mga kandidatong pipili ng PPP over ODA – Manila Bulletin writer Krizette Chu
